# Proposals

## Idea One: QuizMe 

QuizMe is a study tool that allows users to test their knowledge of certain documents. How does it work? A user uploads a document to a website. Leveraging OpenAI's API, we generate questions for the user to answer. For additional contextual information and definitions, we will pull keywords from the user's document (things like names, locations, theorems, and events) and use Wikipedia's API to grab information. User's will be able to login, save documents, adjust the amount of questions generated, and choose types of questions asked. 

## Idea Two: SongsRight

SongsRight is, broadly speaking, a software that picks just right songs for the users based on their current moods, settings, or any vibe they see fit. In order to achieve this, we first ask users to describe their moods in the moment, or they can even input a detailed description of the vibe or settings in which they want the music to play along with. Then, we take this request from the users and feed it into OpenAI’s API to have it analyzed and to get only several key words back. With that, we then use Spotify’s API to fetch some of the best fit playlists and return them to the users. If none of them satisfies the user’s demand, they can use the interface to keep asking and adding in more details. And with OpenAI’s API, again, we analyze the new input information but also take into account what the user has said before — as long as the user don’t end the session, OpenAI’s API can remember the whole context — and generate some new key words for Spotify to find the right playlists. Users will be able to create their own accounts and use them for future login. Each user’s activity history will be saved, as well as their past playlists, so they can access them anytime in the future. And there will also be a library for each user to store their favorite songs. 
